# Artifact Appendix (Required for all badges)

Paper title: **Breaking and (Partially) Fixing Onion Routing with
Fragmentation**

Requested Badge(s):
  - [X] **Available**
  - [X] **Functional**
  - [X] **Reproduced**

Authors can provide this content _either_ as a separate file in their artifact
_or_ as part of their existing documentation (e.g., `README.md`). In the latter
case, you should have the same section titles as in this template.

This template includes several placeholders. When filling in this template for
their artifact, the authors should:

1. Remove this note.
2. Delete the sections that are _not_ required for the badge(s) they are
   applying for.
3. Omit suffixes of the form "(required/encouraged for badge ...)" from the
   section titles.
4. Authors should not leave the placeholder descriptions initially provided with
   this file into the submitted version with their artifact.

While this template is provided for artifact review, you should write your
instructions for someone trying to reuse your artifact in the future (i.e., not
an artifact reviewer).

## Description (Required for all badges)

This artifact relates to

    Daniel Schadt, Christoph Coijanovic, Thorsten Strufe:
    Breaking and (Partially) Fixing Onion Routing with Fragmentation
    PETS 2026

The artifact contains the proof-of-concept attack (Section 4.1), the benchmarks
(Section 7), and the graph generation code.

### Security/Privacy Issues and Ethical Concerns

Our artifact does not pose and security or privacy risk to the machine of the
person evaluating it. The attack on Nym runs completely isolated in the shadow
simulator. The artifact does not modify the host system, or read any data
beyond what is generated by the artifact.

## Basic Requirements

Our artifact requires the following system:

### Hardware Requirements

Can run on a laptop (No special hardware requirements)

We have used a system with the following specification:

* AMD Ryzen 5 5625U (6x 3.4 GHz)
* 16 GiB of RAM
* ~10 GiB of used disk space (mostly compiled Rust crates)

### Software Requirements (Required for Functional and Reproduced badges)

Replace this with the software required to run your artifact and its versions,
as follows.

1. List the OS you used to run your artifact, along with its version (e.g.,
   Ubuntu 22.04). If your artifact can only run on a specific OS or a specific
   OS version, list it and explain why here. In general, your artifact reviewers
   will probably have access to a machine with a different OS or different OS
   version than yours; they should still be able to run appropriately packaged
   artifacts.
2. List the OS packages that your artifact requires, along with their versions.
3. Artifact packaging: If you use a container runtime (e.g., Docker) to run the
   artifact, list the container runtime and its version (e.g., Docker 23.0.3).
   If you use VMs, list the hypervisor (e.g., VirtualBox) to run the artifact.
4. List the programming language compiler or interpreter you used to run your
   artifact (e.g., Python 3.13.7). Your Docker image or VM image should have
   this version of the programming languages installed already. Your Dockerfile
   should start from a base image with this programming language version.
5. List packages that your artifact depends on, along with their versions. For
   example, Python-based privacy-preserving machine learning artifacts typically
   require `numpy`, `scipy`, etc. You may point to a file in your artifact with
   this list, such as a `requirements.txt` file. If you rely on proprietary
   software (e.g. Matlab R2025a), list this here and consider providing access
   to reviewers through HotCRP.
6. List any Machine Learning Models required to run your artifact, along with
   their versions. If your model is hosted on a different repository, such as on
   Zenodo, then your artifact should download it automatically (same for
   datasets). If a required ML model is _not_ in your artifact, provide a dummy
   model to demonstrate the functionality of the rest of your artifact.
7. List any datasets required to run your artifact. If any required dataset is
   not in your artifact, you should provide a synthetic dataset that showcases
   the expected data format.

If you run our artifact directly on the host, you need the following software
(or compatible versions):

* Fedora Linux 44
* Git 2.54.0 (via `git`)
* Rust 1.97.0-nightly (9ec5d5f32 2026-04-21) (via `rustup`)
* Python 3.14.5 (via `python3`)
  * Python packages are listed in `requirements.txt`
* Shadow (https://github.com/shadow/shadow, commit 8442689a2)
  * Shadow comes with its own set of dependencies: https://shadow.github.io/docs/guide/install_dependencies.html

We do provide a `Dockerfile` to build a container with the correct software
installed. In this case, your host only needs Docker (or a compatible runtime
like `podman`) installed.

### Estimated Time and Storage Consumption (Required for Functional and Reproduced badges)

Replace the following with estimated values for:

- The overall human and compute times required to run the artifact.
- The overall disk space consumed by the artifact.

This helps reviewers schedule the evaluation in their time plan and others in
general to see if everything is running as intended. This should also be
specified at a finer granularity for each experiment (see below).

## Environment (Required for all badges)

In the following, describe how to access your artifact and all related and
necessary data and software components. Afterward, describe how to set up
everything and how to verify that everything is set up correctly.

### Accessibility

We provide our artifact via GitHub at the following URL:

https://github.com/kit-ps/fragging

### Set up the environment

Use the following commands to set up the Docker container for our experiments:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/kit-ps/fragging.git
cd fragging
docker build -t fragging .
```

When running the container, you should mount the repository at `/fragging` to
allow the container to access the code, as well as save the results:

```bash
docker run --rm -ti -v "$(pwd):/fragging" -p 8888:8888 fragging
```

Inside the container (or on the host, if you prefer), set up a Python virtual
environment for the graph generation:

```bash
virtualenv .venv
.venv/bin/pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Testing the Environment (Required for Functional and Reproduced badges)

Replace the following by a description of the basic functionality tests to check
if the environment is set up correctly. These tests could be unit tests,
training an ML model on very low training data, etc. If these tests succeed, all
required software should be functioning correctly. Use code segments to simplify
the workflow, e.g.,

Launch the Docker container, attach the current working directory (i.e., run
from the root of the cloned git repository) as a volume, set the context to be
that volume, and provide an interactive bash terminal:

```bash
docker run --rm -it -v ${PWD}:/workspaces/example-docker-python-pip \
    -w /workspaces/example-docker-python-pip \
    --entrypoint bash example-docker-python-pip:main
```

Then within the Docker container, run:

```bash
./test.sh
```

Include the expected output.

## Artifact Evaluation (Required for Functional and Reproduced badges)

This section should include all the steps required to evaluate your artifact's
functionality and validate your paper's key results and claims. Therefore,
highlight your paper's main results and claims in the first subsection. And
describe the experiments that support your claims in the subsection after that.

### Main Results and Claims

List all your paper's results and claims that are supported by your submitted
artifacts.

#### Main Result 1: Dropped fragments cause a visible signal

In Nym, a dropped message fragment from a victim Alice causes the recipient to
notice a large delay in completing the fragment set (Figure 2). This delay
(shown in the y-axis) is visible at different average message delays (shown in
the various subgraphs), and it increases with the chance that a fragment ist
dropped (shown in the x-axis).

#### Main Result 2: Scylla scales as well as Sphinx

Our new mix format, Scylla, scales as well as Sphinx and is only slightly
slower in absolute performance. We show this in multiple results, where we vary
different parameters and always measure the time (shown on the y-axes):

- In Figure 5, we vary the number of fragments and see linear scaling,
- in Figure 6, we vary the size of the payload and see a slight linear scaling,
- in Figure 7, we vary the path length and see a linear scaling,
- in Figure 8, we vary the payload size and again see a slight linear scaling,
- in Figure 9, we we vary the number of fragments and see a linear scaling,
- in Figure 10, we vary the path length and again see a linear scaling.

#### Main Result 3: Scylla's overhead scales linearly

We evaluate the size of packet headers depending on the path length (Figure
11). We see that for both Scylla and Sphinx, there is a linear increase in the
size of the header.

#### Main Result 4: Per-message Acknowledgments do not delay message transmission too much

We evaluate whether acknowledging the whole message instead of each fragment
has a negative effect on the time needed to successfully transmit a message. We
find that under low packet loss rates (e.g., 1%), the per-message strategy is
comparable to the per-fragment strategy for up to ~70 fragments per message.

We show this result in Figures 12 and 13 (in the Appendix).

### Experiments
List each experiment to execute to reproduce your results. Describe:
 - How to execute it in detailed steps.
 - What the expected result is.
 - How long it takes to execute in human and compute times (approximately).
 - How much space it consumes on disk (approximately) (omit if <10GB).
 - Which claim and results does it support, and how.
 -
> [!note]
> We describe the detailed commands in the following sections. We do provide a
> script that runs all required experiments in sequence, which is described at
> the end of this section.

#### Experiment 1: Nym testbed
- Time: replace with estimate in human-minutes/hours + compute-minutes/hours.
- Storage: replace with estimate for disk space used (omit if <10GB).

This experiment runs a local Nym testbed (isolated from the live network) to
see the effect of dropped messages on fragment set completion time.

To run the experiment, use the following commands:

```bash
./testbed-setup.sh
./testbed-run.sh
```

This will produce text files in `nym/shadow/outputs/` for the various
combinations of average delay, fragment drop chance, and random seed. Each text
file contains the set completion time for one experiment run for the three test
clients.

Those files are later used by the `Benchmarks.ipynb` notebook to generate
Figure 2.

#### Experiment 2: Scylla benchmarks

- Time: 30 compute-minutes

This experiment runs the benchmarks for our proof-of-concept implementation of
Scylla. You can run it via the following command:

```bash
cd scylla
cargo bench
```

This will produce the benchmark times in `scylla/target/criterion`, which will
later be used by the `Benchmarks.ipynb` notebook to generate the graphs.

#### Experiment 3: Scylla packet sizes

- Time: 5 compute-minutes

This experiment outputs packet sizes for Scylla packets for various parameters.
You can run it via the following command:

```bash
cd scylla
cargo run --release --example=onion_sizes >onion_sizes.csv
```

This generates the `onion_sizes.csv`, which contains the packet sizes. It will
later be used by the `Benchmarks.ipynb` notebook to generate the graphs.

#### Experiment 4: Sphinx benchmarks

- Time: 15 compute-minutes

This experiment runs the Sphinx benchmarks, based on the Sphinx implementation
by the Nym project. You can run it via the following command:

```bash
cd sphinx-benchmarks
./run.sh
```

This generates the benchmark times in `sphinx-benchmarks/target/criterion`, as
well as the `sphinx-benchmarks/sphinx_onion_sizes.csv` file with the Sphinx
onion sizes. Both results will be read by the `Benchmarks.ipynb` notebook to
generate the graphs.

#### Experiment 5: ACK-Latency simulations

- Time:

This experiment simulates message transmission using the per-fragment
acknowledgment strategy, and the per-message acknowledgment strategy. You can
run it via the following comand:

```bash
cd latency-sim
cargo run --release >results.csv
```

This will produce a CSV file with the latency results for various parameter
combinations, which will later be read by the `Benchmarks.ipynb` notebook to
generate the graphs.

#### Experiment helper: Run all experiments

Instead of manually running Experiments 1--4, you can use the `run-all.sh`
script to run all steps sequentially:

```bash
./run-all.sh
```

Note that this script uses `taskset` to pin the benchmark commands to a
specific CPU core (to reduce jitter), and it uses `cpupower` to set the
governor to performance.


#### Experiment finish: Generate the graphs

In order to generate the graphs, after running all experiments you can use the
`Benchmarks.ipynb` notebook:

```bash
.venv/bin/jupyter notebook Benchmarks.ipynb
```

Then, click `Run -> Run All Cells`. This will generate the graphs in the
`graphs/` directory.


## Limitations

Due to hardware differences, the exact times measured in Experiment 2 and
Experiment 4 will vary. The overall trend and conclusions however should remain
the same.

## Notes on Reusability

Our implementation of Scylla is written as a general-purpose Rust crate, which
can be used in other projects or as the basis for other formats.
